YACAL wd01 (#77)
oasis-tcs/xacml-spec: acal-core-yaml-v1.0-reviewer-guide.md

4. recursive-reference and cycle rules
5. cross-property agreement rules

## Why Short Identifiers Matter More in YACAL

Short identifiers are part of ACAL generally, not unique to YACAL. They
matter more visibly in YACAL because YAML is intended to be read and
written as a human-friendly concrete representation.

| Factor | Why it matters more in YACAL |
|---|---|
| Long URIs dominate the page | YAML is sparse and line-oriented, so full identifiers visually overwhelm the policy structure very quickly |
| YAML has no namespace-prefix mechanism comparable to XML namespaces | Short identifiers give YACAL an ergonomic way to avoid repeating long URI strings everywhere |
| The promise of YAML is readability | If examples are filled with long identifiers, reviewers do not see the actual readability benefit of YACAL |
| YAML examples are often read as authoring examples, not just interchange examples | Short identifiers better represent how human-authored YACAL is expected to look in practice |

That is why YACAL examples often lead with short identifiers when doing
so improves readability.

This does not mean:

1. full identifiers are discouraged
2. YACAL depends on short identifiers

> 3. YACAL defines a different identifier inventory from ACAL

Reviewer: YACAL is part of ACAL and can't be different from it, so:
```suggestion
3. YACAL defines a different identifier inventory from JACAL and XACML
```
